[Music]
ah
[Music] [Music
]
[Applause]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
to me
[Music] [Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music]
2 [Music
]
[Music]
Hello hello good evening family how
are you how
good revolutionized not
revolutionized dt not revolutionized t
where did I want us to start today today we do
n't have many topics we only have two the
two of the title and I was going to record a
video for the main channel Javier
Olivares to
the company
Hello I say tomorrow talk about Guayana today is
today the space no because today I want to
enjoy a little bit of the family okay
better even the microphone well crack what
I tried it is noticeable it is
noticeable a little better it is
noticeable a little better okay I
wanted to record I was going to record a video of
the  main channel of those from London
with the London and record a video on the
main channel about what happened
the tweet - rival that you have prepared for me here
these people wind collect milestones and
such to see it but when they
realize it was almost 9 at night to
put more recorded and I told head
reserved live guys for working at
four in the morning editing it was going to
have 15 thousand visits like the video yesterday
a plan so we don't talk about it here
live what happened and that's it and then
on the other hand it went from being the video
to uploaded the new arc new arc in the
battle is hired at the then
calls are direct okay
short this live was cut
into extracts or will I let it upload as is
because the truth is I love myself early
enjoy the family
video the self bank ásya should stop
dallas you should calm down you should
take a little vacation he
justified himself again I have
two years left to live god
at most
or I
almost died in the middle of live he
almost died always not live
who will bring us the falsehood if not well let's
see let's
go to the history of dallas and  cell to the
floor today because this
this is going to bring fabric tail I
mean this is incredible
because it cuts out the three whole things but no
wait a second please well I'm
going to get napkins okay but now
one second it
seems to almost start live
and
the live has gone first I had cut it
but then I went back to the
original version the live yesterday just so that
the [ __ ] so that there is
a record of how things happened
and that I was not aware of any of
these things that were happening but anyway
we will talk about that in a couple of
days
maybe it will be colder okay
my God
don't make grandpa laugh or he will start
crying his face off it
happened to me
well at the moment God you
know you
know what happened to me today God
second time I enter London okay
according to the second time London entered I'm
always going to have a mint candy like that no no no
I grew up I
literally have
two days left to live I
literally have two days left to live
predator thank you very much
[ __ ]
when you do it they grab you by the feet
face down and everything comes out you do
n't know what happens to me from
being all day 24 hours a day hit it
hit it  that I hit you there are times
when I lose my voice
and also I have to put my nose to sleep
not only for aesthetic reasons but because
I have a crooked septum the thing is that I have to
dare but come on this
year for sure
this year for sure
you know what happened to me today
second time I enter London the
camera I don't know why very far okay
second time I enter London to
create my character
and when I spent half an hour creating the
character
it disconnects London and they are
still checking I don't know that I don't know how much and they have
been there twice and I already need it I'm
going to create it tomorrow tomorrow
we are going to talk about tomorrow's topic by
the way and you know it no
now there are thank you very much tomorrow to London
at 7 in London London eye
tomorrow at 7 in tweets
ah
give me a second please and we start
while among the people I take the
candy what a
touch it has good and also it was
seven in the morning here stop
smoking we left
half a year ago it's not tobacco anymore dude it's
the throat of the eight [ __ ] the
septum
there first the FBI and  then the
powerful well so powerful the two themes
the same I'm
going to dispatch it quickly because I'm
leaving I'm going to
dispatch it quickly because I'm
leaving the live is not complete but now he
is restoring them I was going to
cut it but for it to be what happens is going to
happen even
javita sneaks in game they closed your channel
completely 11
ah
but it's different
okay let's get
to it because let's go estela leave
the joints let's
see family let's get to the topic what
happened half an hour
or an hour ago
incredible the new arc of the anime between
dallas and cel knows what her name is all
you adore tattoo artist pastorita you
look for her on instagram treat us
elsewhere I really mean it don't
act elsewhere okay
for him we
were already talking the other day to
put you in context a little that dallas
has put a couple of suits on him do
1 on the channel
if I'm not mistaken one on the
main channel but it's a video two years ago
and another on the channel where they upload the
live excerpts which is how
javi the canijo not do
live excerpts no
that also  It was a very old video
okay so you
know the position we have here on
this channel with the issue of strangers, that
is,
the last resort is to put extras to
another partner okay because why
not because I'm less when we are channels
of
criticism and channels of controversies and of
salsa and so on okay because in the end of
Dallas in a certain way it is a channel I don't know
if it is about salt or to categorize it but man it deals with
controversy it deals with criticism it comments on
the things that happen with the youtuber
too and puts clicks and so on so the
last thing the last thing you can do
is put an extra and you
know I don't even understand what
the reason was and what was the thing that
caught his attention that he saw about
being now suddenly to go to his
channel and for him a couple of strikes
here there are two options okay here there are
several options I am going to try to
comment on them all in as much
detail as possible so that
you know more or less everything about the subject
the extra subject and copyright and so on
on youtube where it says okay
and if this can go to trial there will be no
trial it can go whatever you want
because in addition to civil
video
it implies a lawsuit  civil and that
always goes to trial okay now that it's
worth handling things like this it doesn't
seem worth it to me to handle
things like this I think things
can be resolved in a good way in another way
for colleagues hey maybe this
way you can win a little more
favor and
such from people giving a strike
giving a star to another youtuber
okay it depends on the case okay because now I'm
going to give some examples where
today he has 20 it's a jack off
someone's ass and eats it and screws himself and that's it
okay
but hunger in putting stress on
someone normally we
don't leave you room no no they don't gain anything
from it point number one because most
likely he will recover the video in the end
point number 2 all the people are going to
find out that he gave a strike and more
when in a channel with as many views
as he wants like naudero like
chulo like whoever unless
you are anonymous he is going to find out topic and we
find out about space boom's strike and we
find out about the extra and I don't know what
weird thing  thank you so much
then that doesn't make you look good because
people like that oh look he's burned I don't know what
point number 2
that youtuber that he has put lyrics to and he's
going to get more pissed off and now the next
the next videos that you make about you and
the attitude towards you maybe he's going to
vary a little
and this could matter to you like the truth I do
n't see anything beneficial to the
extract issue the truth I think that I had
that tool you should
manage them better don't you see and remove it
because maybe someone might say I
say it more or less what is not legitimate use
soul someone uploads directly that you
have deleted it summarizes your videos
from your channel that you have deleted
because you no longer want them to be on the
internet
[Music]
direct payments things
but let's go that you already know here that
we are totally against the
extract issue because it gives him a star it
's that I don't know the truth I don't see
all of the videos of is him obviously
because I can't see all the videos
of all the companions I
remove a huge hug king thank you very much
but
and everything thank you very much to  Even though on
some occasions I do not agree
with him, on more than one we have seen some
clicks of his here
yesterday we put up an excel video
that justified the crash no just well
the crash was justified
but no we said oh my god it's
for god knows what I'm telling you but well in the end everyone's opinions are there and everyone has the right to give them and that's it a video is not going to end because you don't like the opinion no then I don't know if at some point he
has disrespected Dallas I
doubt it very much I have not seen a kid with
that attitude of disrespect
insults something like that and if I am
wrong
send me it's worth it
I have seen the criticism and I even saw
a video in which he
talked about that they were criticizing because of
the joke about the joke made about the
wisla about
the client that they put on Dallas not from
2013 that he would hit him with a two-seater I don't know
who I did not do the pulse the click on look
that he has apologized for this I do not know what
came out more or less I have seen a kid
like me more or less fair  like me now it's
more or less fair without saying any
nonsense more or less I agree with his
opinions but I don't know what
could have
stung the right ones with this guy
okay he
hasn't thrown a video of these that they
make now
because those videos ca
n't be thrown
when youtube is clear that a video
is a fair use there are times that youtube is
clear about it even if it seems deron there are
times that it gives you a strike for a click
of nothing but it is usually because you have an
agency for example like when greg
put the premiere to me
when grace put the extrae she did it
with an agency of course when you put a
strike and youtube detects that a fair use
rejects it and also the person who
wanted to put it
in gets an email with your arguments what happened to now you are worth it and it happens to me very often what happens is that I don't usually expose it but let's go to not even happen to me very often on the secondary channel on the secondary channel they reject me
and they reject me every time someone
ingests for a strike
because they always reject it because
because my reactions are
fair use too
okay the use the videos that we make on
the main channel this thing that you put an
extra all this and this that is legitimate use
if you put a second stratus to
give weight to what you are saying in
your arguments that is legitimate use that there is
here we have put the click of disney
telecinco universal anything goes
and all the schemes put youtuber
who have put ice on me I wind it and
michu
all the won because I have more or
less quite clear what it is that legitimate use
when we go to the subject of
reactions there things are a little more
complicated
sincerely it is a little more complicated
my reaction I am completely sure that it
is a legitimate use because
apart from the fact that I do not show the content
in its original way it is shown
transformed at the moment that it is
taught like this would already be
transformed because because there is a
frame around it because
however you want to paint it but there is a frame
around it is the chat I do not know what is worth the
content is transformed normally you
even
listen to it with the echo because I do not
put on headphones almost never
so the sound is not the original
normally many times it even affects the
speed of the video okay there are several
transformations and  apart from and I think it's the
most important thing about reactions
is that I
contribute a lot
a video in which I'm reacting
to another
if maybe the original video lasts 15
minutes maybe mine the reaction
lasts 40 or 50 minutes it
usually happens okay now for example if
we come across a reaction do you
remember that we read it mentioned recently
okay that in chulas he deleted it for the
same reason because he knows that with bordalás
he's going to monopolize the plan that he's been doing
lately if we come across a
reaction and I say in the plan that he's been doing
lately because dallas hasn't been
shooting extraen he's already so focused on
putting sacar la vida like lately
okay but if we come across a
reaction like the one that
el sur did to anime do you remember when el
sur decided to upload anime videos and he
saw all the videos of all the
videos of dallas and mieres and the dog
and the one of win michu and el sur was his face
in a corner he put a thumbnail
that looked like light the original video
now you can't react you can't
relate but it depends  what
happens is that normally people don't
have the video
-
first what there is what he has told
but well, let's go on the part of I want to
tell everything well well well well well okay
the issue of relationships is taken
with tweezers
that already in a bad way, in a bad way that they don't
agree on the part
a judge would have to decide what happens is that it's
crazy to get to that point it's crazy to
get to that point being on bad terms with people and
looking bad in the community in the end for
nonsense okay
a reaction for which towards the south it
is not a legitimate use
in fact at the time I think he
asked him what I tell him listening to me
azzurra at least put
your face in the thumbnail like in fact the one who
is reacting you download a video
as if it were original not
a video lasts 14 minutes and your reaction
lasts 16 that is not legitimate use
because you have your face in the corner
rationing not that they allow you in
other sports okay what has
happened here what has happened here is that
dallas has caught the attention
of sel or has been bothered by some criticism
that he has  done or whatever and instead of
throwing at him
instead of throwing the video criticism that
bothered him or whatever he
went to look for some video that might
not be fair use okay I ca
n't tell you if I can tell you or if
the reaction that he threw at him the
relationships that he throws at her are
fair use or not what I have seen in the
conversations
what I have seen in the conversations they
talk about it says dallas in the video that just
uploaded the camera lowers itself is
that they are talking about that in the creator
studio adalah it appeared that the video
was 90% of his video what is that it
gives him a second let me get in I
show it to him
we have a copyright tool here
of the great lady okay I
want you all to have all the
information well for what so
that you know okay
here we have a tool
that is supposed to detect people who
summarize your content but this is not
reliable either or I mean this fails more than a
shotgun with pellets as they say okay
notice that here it is detecting that
there is a person who is receiving
90% of my video
okay  and let's watch the video
this is mine sorry I have
a lot of feelings going on right
now and
why doesn't he sue you because the [ __ ]
because he allows me he's said it a
ton of times in public that he
allows me and also because I do contribute
a lot to the reactions okay
but look at the youtube tool
okay
look here for example quesada
uploads the same debate I had with him and he
asked me like 100% of the video
ok and here there are people who summarize my
videos and then he recorded it like that so I click
here and he knocked it down when there's someone
who throws me any summarizes a video of
mine well here he knocked it down that
allows us I mean my videos
my videos that he makes to people who
criticize me and such with a click sometimes it makes me
really angry but I eat it because if
I have a video then when they
throw a video at me because of copyright I
can't complain he understands me then what they
are talking about the video
what the dalai and the
other one are talking about in the conversation are about
reactions that according to dallas in the
tool this  it appears that it is 90
percent
you would have to see the video you
would have to see the video to see if it is a
legitimate use you would have to see the video
if we want to take it literally
to see if it is a legitimate use or not because
in each country or each website there will be a
different opinion. I sincerely see it as
a [ __ ] [ __ ] to
report a video for any reason
that has bothered you, current from some
current video and go to a video from
two years ago to report it because I don't know what you
see as [ __ ] why because look
because I can do this and I say well I'm
going to report this video this
okay and I can do two things I
can
knock it down and I send him a
seven-day notice okay if you if you report
the video of shooting you put the extra and
suddenly what has he done
if you put seven days then he
sends him a notice so what I would have done
if it bothers you that this
person has reactions that are not
legitimate on his channel or I sent him a
notice this is what I usually do when I
find people who have
summarized things and so on  for
example do you remember multi gamer there was
a guy who got
literal
every time I was live and it was
a powerful topic for example I was debating
with juanjo I don't know what the guy would do
live he put that ob pointing at me
live and broadcast the live and now
the bastard took the psoe he had a
little square that was his camera recorded like this
and he puts it in the corner and put the same
video from his camera like that he
always has
many thanks so send him
send him a
seven day notice if it's not for any
personal pique and it's not for nothing to send a
[ __ ] seven day notice that is not there
delete the videos for ass
what I would do is what I would do
then
once this is clarified that I think he didn't
tell me anything about the copyright issue
at a legal level
because of course give what he is
saying
is that the counter notification has been sent to him
okay
as we all do as I always
recommend he
has sent the counter notification to
fight the video okay when you send
that counter notification
to the person who is claiming in this
case dallas could di juusto di and thank you very much
to the person who is
claiming what you have to do is
file a lawsuit against YouTube, a
copyright lawsuit, no, as he did
fraudulently, they have told him that he
also filed a false complaint against the one in
love, okay, he filed a
false complaint against the one in love,
why
YouTube and YouTube accepted it, you know, but
that is not valid, what you have to
file is a DNA lawsuit, a
copyright lawsuit like you are going to claim that
video in court,
now you
can do it
if you are crazy that you are
right
and you are crazy not to
take away the other person's extra, you
can do it behind the camera, as well as being
able to, you can do it, but [ __ ], I have
a lot of things to do in the day and to
spend money on other things
like being able to, if you are sure you can
do it, okay,
you file a civil lawsuit, a
civil lawsuit can cost you
at most, I imagine 1,500 euros
to file it and then attorneys, I don't know
how much you can spend, 34 thousand euros, I have no [ __ ]
idea how much you can
spend, okay,
1, welcome, thank you very much
and I don't know what it is really  you can
win with that lawsuit you are going to spend
five years in litigation or seven years in
litigation and in the end what is the sentence that they are
going to give to the person who uploaded
your video the sentence that they can give him I think it would be I
think here already here I
tell you I am speaking from my opinion because
I am not a lawyer nor am I nor do I understand
law
intellectual property law and so on
okay I
know that in some occasions for example
television changed problem that
some networks sue others for
using clips
wb we hear likes I am down faithful to you
face throwing is desolate improvement we
speak to you in the lordship heart of
some account you miss
6 that for example telecinco sued la
sexta for three averages at the time formerly
and since then they no longer
put kilos of each other
formerly they put click of one of
the other 35 of the baskets or so
if this continues ahead what they
are talking about what they are going to do is give the one to
file the lawsuit
go creator and prudence they have made of
youtube and it could harm us all or
benefit us all I don't know why  the
truth is that it seems like [ __ ] madness to me
and a [ __ ] [ __ ]
to get into those things just out of stubbornness
or to screw up or for I don't know the truth is
things can't be fixed in a good way
in case he tells me that the guy
is a jerk and wants to fix
things in a good way but if he feels like he's
saying hey listen to me what do you want I'll delete
the video I'll withdraw the counterclaim I don't know
what I have no
[ __ ] idea what could come of it
judicially okay I think that at
most
if the judge ruled in his favor that the video
was not legitimate use
I would claim the monetization of
that video
and at most at most at most they would
sentence Selene to costs it
could happen
but if the judge doesn't consider it he
would sentence her to the costs I ca
n't judge on the video because I haven't
seen it and I
don't trust the YouTube tool now I personally
see it as exorbitant if there's someone who
is uploading your content day after day on a
daily basis like
[Music]
every day they start summarizing you
live if you live off your [ __ ] content
all [ __ ] day  series wanted the south or
to the south I would have filed a lawsuit
even more route because
now you have discovered he does you ca
n't do it I
think it's not going to be I think it's
not going to be but you can do it if he
wants to do it he can do it
normally
I for example I know that I am very
sure
I am very sure that what I
do is legitimate use so I always
send the counter notifications whoever
wants to sue me can sue me
understand and normally what usually
happens is that no one gets into a lawsuit that's why
half the video is returned to me
the other youtubers don't sue me the same let's
see if it's a video that hurts you a lot whatever
something else but already out of
stubbornness for whatever it is and things get
put and things get put and
things get put that [ __ ]
when you tell that
Dallas has proposed
that he not speak about him again and in exchange
for that he takes away the thing of bringing
Semar Congress that he offered him that
once given the truth
or I mean it's something that I really look at
under no circumstances would I accept
I think Dallas had a video that was
the most exclusive we laughed we
said but how the hell are you going to offer it they are
going to offer it
you can offer it you can offer what javi well it's the
same thing they did to cher or if you
agree they don't give me affection he didn't do it to me what he
did was defame I [ __ ] on the
[ __ ] for example this don't you believe he
tried to silence me
so I wouldn't talk about his pyramid scam
if around here in the middle of the video he
showed it no
because the way well on several occasions
he said that he doesn't want to see this family
because it would be stirring look at the past and
type or look at how horrible and it's here where he
says bbc wants to sign a document so
that no one can say anything negative
about the other person and it's like
one you dedicate yourself to making criticisms and I don't
do scams you are seeing me that if in
the future you do something wrong I will in a
document with you that I can't speak
badly of you and of course this in this mind
broke me a little bit taking into account that
I proposed to sign an agreement the
fairest in the world that is invented to
keep that idea confidential he
told it to  everyone but now he
wanted me to sign a contract so
that I wouldn't come back and say bad things about him and here
so yeah Tishman crazier he texted me
back let's
see you can
offer it it's
already in the other one accept it or
reject it
but obviously who the hell is going to
see you who connects you're going to be that
depending on whether it's not a salt se channel or
a salt seo channel
come on I wouldn't accept that I'll pay any
ball under anything in the world for example you
come to me now and you talk to me about
some character that I tell you I
don't want to get like that I don't care for
example from Henares
okay if the camera looks bad today god I
mean to me for example putting it from
Mieres the way we are we still don't even have a
trial date it's been three
years I don't give a damn what happened
what didn't happen to me
today they tell me look really
here it's not necessary even with so much has been given
you guys are
going to do it let's fix things
you over here me over here none of us
will mention each other again outside and we'll leave each other to
get rid of him you know
something like that but to a  a controversial channel
like comos who also doesn't live in
Dallas because in fact the videos with the most
views that they usually get are the
serious ones because you think you're
promoting it that's why the latter has hit the
point okay but what a
controversial channel specifically about
Dallas with what it stirs up the hornets' nest is not going to do it
[Music]
no what the microphone arm focuses on
you always have to happen because he doesn't get
married
what can I do
anyway I find it incredible I find it incredible it's that I
find it incredible the truth is I do
n't know at what moment it seemed to him to give the
good idea that he left a good
place
and you can propose it well you
can propose it
the other the what the other the one who has to
reject it but come on I don't see it
sometimes they propose it or if the other does it like that
the other takes a nap but come on the
first ones who are talking about the
work of others, I mean if the kid did it
two years ago and hasn't done it again
but two or three years ago he took it and
made a bad reaction or hasn't done
the legitimate use well whatever it is, well okay let him
know to delete it  the video and out
skillful ricky has a tutorial for the
camera
look it was
right for him not to accept even though I
would have done the same thing as he is I
would have no I would not have accepted it I would not have accepted it
and I would have
told it I would have done the same if it were
okay
but the thing is that I do not understand what is
happening to her really
we are talking about a channel that has
right now that I tell you how much they have to be
per month
we are talking about a channel that has
10 million monthly visits I
imagine that he will be earning
367 thousand packages I am going to rags and the other one
sues him well he will pay his lawyer
and move forward and if they condemn him to
pay the seven euros that he earned for the
video and the costs he will pay the costs
okay important one thing that I left
before that I do not want to leave
out is that we are going to finish the costs now
things of course because if not for this it
would be a little strange because if he has not
paid I think there is
a minimum he is manned of
the cost of course because it is to arrive if he does
not ask for compensation
the only thing he asks for is that the video is in this
state of
course  because he will give the position in the
message that he is not going to ask for
compensation that he is not asking for
compensation but only
asks that he keep the video crashed on
the costs
if he puts it I would like to see what would
happen more than anything from experience and to
know a little what
could happen to you and so on but really I
are not things that are not things that are
going to help him and that are going to
benefit him because in the end it is what I
tell you the [ __ ] you have u2 green to the seo
that yes it contradicts you on
some occasions but when you have to
be more objective no no he is a hater let's not
say I do not say it is I have not seen videos of him
where he insults dallas it
is time to put people against me I do
not understand the truth
of getting into trouble it is not league to see if
you have the money to spare and you do not care to spend
money on this only out of
stubbornness to keep him the
kid extracts them but man
and then out of part for the people who do not
understand for
the people who do not understand the copyright issue there
is the copyright issue for
people are going to take the  bad impression
when you have a platform that is anti
extras and I don't know what is not known
I don't see the point of it none have done
that I have not put any strange to
anyone I already tell you if they are telling me
that they have a ton of videos that they
are asking for a hundred thousand views each
video putting their face in the corner and
profiting from everything of all my
content to name her I don't ask you
what but because you have seen some criticism
now suddenly you have known ago
now let's look for a video two
years ago that is not legitimate use for
when we already know about the south when we already know about the
other thing the other thing
I the truth revealed sense but well that's it
I think it's not going to be the
lawsuit I think and if it does we could well how
this ends sincerely something else something else
not the such
we will see how this ends
but well
in what there is
well let's see the topic of the day that
all the youtubers are talking about in
fact
and this is what happened in a tweet - rival
falsified tweets - rival in the tweet - rival
of ras organized by all all on
English-speaking youtube if I don't  I'm
wrong, I think it's American, okay, they have
organized a tweet-rival, you know that
a tweet king is worth it, they are
competitions, okay, they are tournaments that are
organized,
for example, the squid game
where we were, it was a tweet-rival,
the tournament that I participated in, the ari
gameplay tournament that was during the day and also,
well, it was also a tweet-rival, twitter
balès when twitch sponsors it, that is, it
puts up the money, it puts up the
prize money, okay,
or exclusive for twist and so on, you
present the idea, tweets, and twitter
finances it or not, so they have organized
one that apparently was worldwide with
teams from all countries and all
classrooms, it is not a
team competition, to the fbi, the representative of the
Hispanic team in which there are several
very well-known streamers like rubios aro
hits and stacks,
the problem
is that I was looking because I don't know
what game it was, the tournament, what was the
tournament, what was
the tournament, what the
hell, if I read it in the first
sentence and I
'm fed up with it, I don't know what's wrong with
the tripod, dude, the tripod, the tripoli, the
tripod will undertake the tripod, the tripod
from the factory tivo of the camera the
original tripod I don't know why it does that
moving thing man it makes my life miserable I'm
going to end up putting some books there
like the tacky ones do
the problem is that according to the Hispanics in the
organization of the event there is favoritism
for the North American team since they have
used weapons that were prohibited they
have more pro players on their team than they
should and most of the aids
that give more points in the game have been
put at times convenient to the
streamers of that country so there she
exposes the injustices
here there is a stream and yesterday she was very
upset she criticized the American community
and has tweeted about all the injustices in
the game although later I think it
got a little out of hand and starting on
4 36 20 she ended up talking about
US politics and things that it has done to Russia and
another country what the hell what's
happening to you there young man it seems ridiculous to me
what the Americans are doing
with this event is
laughing at all of us,
Latin Americans and the Spanish they
are laughing at everyone because on top of that
when they ask to speak and they
always come to Alex to say or
you can come now I don't know that it's not the same and they
tell the ex or whoever this one yes yes yes yes okay okay okay we will do
this we will do that
and then they don't do it you have already
verified it they don't do it they don't care about anything they don't care about
absolutely everything
that they are doing with the very
sad events they are shamelessly seeing you
know what the worst thing is that they are not going to see it
that the Americans are not going to want to see it
because for that they are acting super
well
just by seeing
when they used the python this is cool
this screen stops here followers
1,700,000 we said it through the
chat
that they started to say no and at the same
time among themselves they were
contributing
but it is possible it is possible
because it says 25 thousand and then it says
1500 buy them let's see when I have it
when I go to the new studio I will see what I buy
what is not worth it I wanted to
buy a pudding
but I did not finish the room
woody
but I would have to make a small one
small I would not have to make a large one
or is
Ramon exhausted today is the day I think
the camera tripod is
useless I recommend that you take it off and
use it as a tripod since in a photo of
you you can see your third leg
smiling face can it work as a
family tripod I'm not going to answer that message we're doing
a crowdfunding to buy
this
look at them god it
's life size okay I mean it
's life size
okay my thought of buying it
for the new studio it's life size it
's here where you see it
me the same one I carry 180 it's
not articulated do
you know how much it costs
nine thousand dollars it's
not enough for me family it
looks very expensive men look at the
details it's
bigger really this is my dream is to
have it
in my new atheist set but
nine thousand dollars
no no it's 20 centimeters life size I
mean that size like like me it's
not worth it no [ __ ] I don't
know if there is a bus one yes there is a bus one there is
also a
bus one too
the bus measures a little less it's a little
lower the bus measures more or less
the boom is 155
the bum and 155
and it's worth more or less the same the bug is worth 8
I think
be soon for javi
better invest something else it's nine  a thousand let's
see we could do a collection how many
people are here two thousand people well
look if we are two thousand people
at four euros each more or less
four euros each we buy them
at four euros each we buy it as a
family 4 euros
how much does the bus hurt the same nine
thousand dollars well with the subject
well right 4 each pay no because it
settles it takes half we
would have to do it rolled up it
could be a smaller one let's see I have
that one and we're not going to satisfy them with
that what
is the capricious child let's
see everyone has a dream
everyone has dreams but I don't think it will be
fulfilled
to the FBI also yesterday he said in his live show
that it's always the same in all the
tournaments with the English community that they
always break the rules they take advantage
and that the organization always benefits them
[Music]
natural play
station
island increase and waters of seminari rast
this [ __ ] 612 mayor from the united
states
to disembark will formulate 2 in various
forms spain is the [ __ ]
65 euros jaime people breaking gurus and
completely and washable in the stretcher of the
cycle bratz el rastro
oscar  icesave
now from xichú rap
10 totally come on
this
and it's totally in family very
clear the opinion of the FBI to
deceive and then
Coconut appears do you remember Coconut do
you remember Coconut well time the
translation is not necessary for me to do it
because places have put here what what he
had said he told them in his
live that it is always the same in all
the tournaments with the English community that they
always break the rule they take advantage of the fact
that the organization always
benefits them okay point
as it was not the one I said or with
the self-employment miniatures do you remember that well
this guy as you will remember also
for the miniatures and others this guy was
from the ras community he is dedicated to ras in
fact imagine crying the entire event so that they
give you loot
identification plates and then playing the
victim saying that we are the toxic ones
just take the ele and move on
bro how do you have the opportunity to
be invited to a transmission event
and not even transmit to be able to
play offline, I mean Allenby would be
playing offline I do not understand that is what he
meant to
understand that I am the captain of my team
and that for me  it was a huge opportunity
on everyone's part, the
organizer to whom I am
extremely grateful for thinking of me,
however, I am part of a community and it wouldn't
seem right to remain silent any longer and
betray my people. I know they won't
understand but people like coconut
will say stupid things how many followers does he
have 34,000
to try to be above
someone from the beginning it has all been
easier for them. I'm not good at
rap I would lose anyway if it
weren't for people we have on the team
who know about this but we are playing
on their servers things that the other way around they would not have even
considered they started
using revolver when in the beginning they
were primitive things we held back without
saying anything and we started to
tinker with them too after using the
python and once again we kept quiet we kept quiet and
started using it they surrounded us
breaking the bases and nobody gave us
anything back from the administration do I continue or
does he/she is making fun of the
pulley he/she is making a small reference here
let's see what
rubio and auro said
passing this next news  which
is about blond if it is to do that
the same blond yesterday is not
only that in the same way
people from Andorra would have problems again,
including the London server itself,
has given us this message that
says as you know many infrastructures
platforms and users are suffering
cyber attacks that cause
connectivity problems both in
events series as in
English or orange Vodafone network something like that would be
my thing ro thank you very much for
reminding me personal connections these
problems are unrelated to being behind
here is talking about the subject of
hackers okay well nothing no but if who
speaks ball or yes that they spoke something the
knife there not
for nothing let's
see yes I would like to see something
but I'm going to look for it and if I
find it we'll do it and if not I'm going to
how much we have been live an hour what I have
promised more or less but I'm going to
look for something
and if I find it
coherent of the decisions that it makes and
tout okay
I'm going to relate to a click I'm going to
react to a click I do
n't know if I don't know if I'm going to get a
surprise for better or for worse but they
told me that it was going and it has given it a little stick  when
crashing in the sense you know that there
are still people justifying the
crash there are many people who do not get off the
donkey with the crash that does not see it as
bad that does not see it as that bad that is
life that the clubs or something like that and that well
and that is has expressed badly let's
see if I get a surprise with ibai
that was always going to be to look good
let's see if he has really gotten wet and
I like
now I wanted to talk about some topic that
is happening you have already seen that the coi there has
been an exit there was a
move with the rival tweets I also want to do
a trivial and I want to enter the
gta to practice them
the reverse ok
to practice I say damn
damn to enter at the end in London and
practice the reverse and that you are a
little didactic with me and that I can
improve this okay but
later before I start the
races that will be at 6 in the afternoon I do
not know [ __ ] barbarito 77 thanks
for those 5 subs from the heart thank you very much
my friend welcome to you and
everyone
this week many things have happened and
vice this week many things have happened
the truth is that yes it
all started in a second because
I have a [ __ ] javi you get like the
TV
like on TV like get like the
TV square that's what it refers to a lot of
notifications that you're not
talking to someone okay no that they don't
jump the rod that yes the truth is that yes
a lot of things have happened and
well the sinan to the chair that I'm going to
buy for the new studio already
black base of course name I had bought white
again but are you going to buy me the bulli
or are you not
going to buy me the world no
with all the debate about
flirting in clubs or how to do it or what
is right what is wrong
I don't talk about that subject live for
me personally people there isn't much
debate around this
I don't see any debate at all
I am very clear about the woody tense the
doll that I want for my new studio
that 'without comparing in purchasable because it is
very expensive it is worth 9 thousand bucks what do you think
tense you are going to buy it for me between all of you
ok I have already
said there are two thousand people here at
four euros buy four you
know me quite well you know a little what I
think on these subjects we have not
specifically talked about maybe just
the topic that came up in this endorsement
that you have put to me that I look like the
TV
because I am against the crash
seriously grab any [ __ ]
to justify the crash if
another guy had said that if
another guy had said that there would be so many
people seeing it with such good eyes I
mean really
really justifies that [ __ ] [ __ ] doesn't it
explain everything to you again look it tires me
yesterday he uploaded a very good video that has
very few visits to the main channel
okay and there I have to be more clear it can't be
left it makes me very sad because I have
seen many I had to justify
the option for many reasons
but above all because of the crash
really I'm not going to buy the buddy
if you get tired I don't talk about it it's
easy
trimming but I do think that we have
talked about many things and that my opinion
on many things because in the end something
also many love counseling and
many couple counseling from ibai I don't
know what I like such and such
and I think that all well I hope that we all
truly have the same opinion at heart let's
see if you go okay I mean
if you take advantage of a person who  she's
totally drunk to the point
that she's not aware of the
decisions she makes and she's not coherent with
the decisions she makes and you take
advantage of that situation you're a [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] and a [ __ ] miserable person there's no
doubt about it that's how it is you're a
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ] and a [ __ ] miserable person okay you
're also committing a crime then there
are people who call me private I well they
tell me what they say but if I go out
partying I can flirt let's see please let's see let's
see crystal clear for the buddy
thanks to gonzalo little by little
since he's been able to get there guys if he
goes out partying having a good time they're just
stupid questions and gymnastics there's no such thing
but then what happens if I go out
drunk I can't flirt there since
yesterday I was going and on live he said that he likes to have his
finger put in his ass during
sex I can't see anymore there it goes and in the
same way asterisk internal screams
of pain asterisk
I like it when it's in me
what's wrong
and
argue with me what's
wrong with that they
argue that's
because of your arguments
I like it when it's in me butt
enjoy have a drink  take two but
[ __ ] I think we can all
differentiate between a person who has
had three beers and two drinks and is
aware of the decisions they make and
is consistent with the things they do and
is conscious and talks and you have a
conversation with a person who is
like what's your name was
leaving and I
think we all have a little bit of
sense when it comes to differentiating this I don't
think the only thing that's being asked
is that you be a halfway
decent person in arc the only thing that's being
asked okay before thinking about
[ __ ] like no it's that
then if I'm not
drunk I can't flirt with someone who is
if she's a little drunk
but not that much I am drunk and that way you
can flirt with me
dude stop calling me murderers now
stop giving me the cold shoulder the important thing is
no I can perfectly
I can go out well not me
because if not maybe well they killed me and the
same and the same won't let me back
into the house but well if you could
imagine that I could okay
I could perfectly go out and not drink
and flirt with a girl who does have
her drinks high now  point
number one if it comes to that then it comes to that
but you're not looking for the person to be
drunk to have an advantage and
take advantage of them and point number 2 if I
'm seeing her and she doesn't even know where she
's standing I'm not
going to take her to bed that's what
inflatable dolls are
for not to do the same thing no it does
n't make sense anymore the fun of sex
is to enjoy it okay
then the debate is that it's not my
debate like he said and there's a place or
rather the debate isn't even a debate dude there's no debate
god it's
time for debate
the problem is the degree of alcohol that he has
no problem is not that the problem is not having
the intention of taking advantage of a
drunk person there's no more really it's that
simple dude he's before him it's not that
easy to understand it and it's so
regrettable and so disgusting to defend what he
said he choca and justify it and
say [ __ ] like he
expressed himself badly he didn't express himself badly he didn't
express himself badly he screwed up just like
with Katie Bip and he did
n't express himself badly let's
watch the choca clip again there's no one
another way to not express yourself badly, I
mean, there's no way,
thanks regal chino
[Music] there's no
way,
Ramon, today is the day,
Javi, at the Rose tournament, many from the
Hispanic community were writing
to Asian American content creators to
go eat dogs and
then they complained about racism
because you're missing tournaments like that with
people when they are of several languages ​​and so
on, they usually go wrong, I
mean, they don't
usually go well because there's a lack of
understanding, society is not the same,
each of us has customs, a
mentality, a
different language, the jokes are
different, they usually go wrong, we've
done it a million times but I
'm going to put it again, okay, no
kidding, when I went out with my friends when I was
young, partying, I would drink soccer, if I made
friends with the waitresses, those tricks, those
tricks, there are a lot of people like that. I have
friends who don't drink
and it was very like that, it's another case. I have
friends who don't drink and it was very acidic to
go flirt with their cousins ​​and also have a
lot of fun taking
girls who were
high and such, he had a lot of fun, he had
fun  a lot by picking up girls who
were high since he's
telling you so he's having fun picking up a
girl who was high
if his message was you can pick up girls without
being drunk it would be someone else he's
giving
if his message was someone else it would say he had
a lot of fun picking up girls and such and he didn't need to he's drunk he had
a lot of fun picking up girls that he's drunk
no that's not specified because they can
be no but you're being that he had a
lot of fun picking up girls who were high how much do you
want to go around in circles
on this there are some of those youtubers who
justify it that he wants to get on here right now
live to debate it
with me
there are some of those youtubers who are
here right now
and want to get on here with me to debate it
this can't be told any other way
this isn't told in a way towards a
poorly expressed scheme no there's no other
way to tell it if I told it any other
way I'd be telling another story or
rather there's no other way to tell it I'm saying I do
n't know what and ours has placed this
is the Balearic it was very easy he had fun
taking high girls and he
wasn't high
so it was very easy for him it is known
that he is taking advantage of the word the
definition of taking advantage
for woody pagans with many to the seo
heart and I have less left
thank you very much it is
known that there is taking advantage because he
knows that he is benefiting from something in which he
is superior to stornelli being
progressive or anything being progressive is complaining about
exaggerated things and looking for peace the
hair on the leg the chicken this is not
progressive yes I know that ricky has
defended him but he has defended it because he is
the chocas be project it is not being progressive
and we must respect people and we must respect
drunk women okay
period we must
respect drunk women
that is not being progressive but
then we must also respect
drunk men well look I see little
possibility that a woman who is not
drunk would want to take advantage of a
drunk man because maybe
drunk he will catch you and hit you low you know
I see little possibility of that
[ __ ] that he also listens to a lot
not a man in his full faculties that
has much more physical strength
normally
okay now if you are going to give me a
probable case in which there is a woman who
is square and is very strong
and can take advantage of a drunk man it
would be mental gymnastics and try to
find a way
ridiculing the one who is not
saying what he is saying don't
touch my dick anymore do
n't touch my dick anymore with this
topic that is saying what you are
saying
period and ball is saying what you
are saying there is no other
way to tell this also the south
has justified the crash not
stealing the man's money that is why it is
a possibility it does
not have that what comes to
mind the image of doing that and
well the image is not pleasant xd and about the
socas topic in yesterday's gossip video
also the soca came out to
justify himself more hypocritical every day xd I
do not understand I do not
understand it I really told you the
other day to whoever is justifying this
please use your mother as an example
your sister
to see if you justify it and I really say
that one thing is one thing is another thing
a man who is very drunk that they
can take advantage of  he yes in the sense
of taking his wallet or taking advantage and
stealing money from him or inviting you I don't know if yes
but taking you to bed with a man
that he doesn't want to sleep with you and takes you
because I see very few possibilities
as power could happen if there will be one
between yes in case in a thousand that could
happen
but let's go that there is no way to catch what
is that this is not badly expressed if it
were badly expressed it would be telling
something else man flirt because of course not for
a girl a girl who would generally
see you as a 4 sees you as a 7 because she
's high and here he is applying you
as he is fully aware that he
has a greater benefit than the
drunk woman which you than a girl
that you would see as a 4 or more like a 7
then this is much easier on top of that he
is calm you measure your
words perfectly suck or he
is calm measure your
word perfectly suck or piece of cake because
why are you going to flirt because you are going to flirt without
using this in your case it is very
complicated to flirt without the other person
being drunk not be a
suck suck or easy way talking and
falling against the columns then
of course and the drink some supplies such  and
to take it up the ass and [ __ ] great he
went out to flirt he went out with us and he
went out with a girl always a crack an
outstanding the truth I mean [ __ ]
pro is what point pro be how are you going to be
a point has produced they are putting it in
easy mode and the whole river is in turmoil
fishermen's profit from [ __ ] America
to river in turmoil fishermen's profit and it's that
there I see it I see the
little tip but the worst thing is that
still still I'm not only seeing people
multiplying
people justifying facts of the same
nonsense
for more I ask you to be a little decent
as a human being they weren't asking you to
invent the wheel or anything like that they
're asking you not to be a [ __ ]
[ __ ] and a [ __ ] miserable I mean I think that
is very easy to understand
dare I think that here the truth is there is no
debate in my opinion okay
difference is being at a party having a
drink and laughing and that you are still
with someone who is fully aware
and fully coherent of what does to
a person who is absolutely
alcoholic I think we have all lived
through these situations and at that moment in
fact what you  come out I mean please
someone I don't agree with you
on this controversy
come on wants to go up had you are in the
group the telegraph
is in the telera group
take it home please or rather
the group of colleagues put you in bed
put the blanket on you and say come on tomorrow from
veragua you're going to have a hell of a
hangover
I was never in that situation let's see
I have seen very drunk people
okay both boys and girls I have seen
extremely drunk people to the
point that it actually makes me a little
ashamed with the alcohol issue
amir alcohol scares me a lot because it's
something that I have had very very very
close in my family in alcohol it
absolutely disgusts me when I tell you that
I never got drunk drunk I
say it honestly many people tell me hyper
I was going one day I had with a rum and coke yes
yes a rum and coke I drink it I drink once
a month a rum and coke for me I
don't like getting drunk I hate alcohol I
hate getting drunk I don't like it
okay as I hate other things then I think
that  in this sense the only thing
that is asked of people of any
kid who is listening to me or
any person who is here is that they
are a decent person who is not a
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ] a [ __ ] miserable person or rather that
is normal okay and then I think for
example what happened to him in the
chocas clip that I talked about with him
continues it is true that there is one thing that is
a reality we live in the time of
tick tock we live in the time of the clip
in the time of being taken out of context
we live in that time I agree
but people are not always taken out of
context and people are not always no no he is not
going to screw up no he
has stopped in the video that he is
recording don't tell me he is going to say that it is
taken with text please no but I
have hope because he said
no always wait dude
no please dude it was fine
and me
what the [ __ ] did he
cut us off here he
will be a son of a [ __ ] go up click he will
be a son of a [ __ ] of the pair he
will be a son of a [ __ ] the god gas went up
click he
can be more of a son of a [ __ ]
and now what do we do well we will
never know now what
has  in the past we
can look for it in his tweet
what shirt he was wearing
like that he highlighted the white one
but much more than me and everyone at the
base is better than me
in which always the blame for a
message having been interpreted wrong
happens a lot we live in this time
whistle short clip
his mind the same but what happens is that he
expressed himself like absolute [ __ ] he
expressed himself very badly I had that that [ __ ]
whole clip that there is not one taken out of
context I hope that as he just said
what the [ __ ] is this then the next day he
came out to do the debate explained what
he wanted define etcetera etcetera but it
continues it is true friends that it is not always the
fault that a message has been
interpreted wrongly is the beware that he
interprets wrong sometimes we as
streamers and as communicators
can express ourselves very badly and that makes
you interpret a message as
absolute [ __ ] be careful the thing is that I do not
believe that people interpret the
message wrong people interpreted the message
well the problem the problem is that the
person who communicates it has communicated it
like [ __ ] [ __ ]
Abel is healthy the blame clashes yes it is
true that it is not the fault of the people
how did the yoga that went to  scold
people but I don't think she's a
businesswoman like a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].
I think it will exist. I think that if they
hadn't canceled it and the next day they
asked him about the issue again, he
would have told you exactly the same. He would have told you exactly the same.
Why not? It's not
wrong. It's not wrongly expressed. It is
expressed what it is, I mean, it's not wrongly
expressed. If I were expressing it to you, if I were
expressing it to you in a different way, I would be
telling you something else, of course, 350 50 and there's
going to be at least such but it's not
wrong. It's not wrongly expressed.
So how can it be expressed well?
What he has told is shocking. How
can it be told well? Well, let's bring
a kid up to debate. Let's
see me have telegram. Sometimes he has put a
note to debate. If I don't leave, I'm not leaving anymore.
Let's do it for space. Come on,
Marcela, for expansion. Just a moment
for space. Okay, from Twitter, they
are sending us telegrams for
Twitter space. Come on, it's going to be
quick, up to 10 minutes,
she's going with Lorena.
Come on, quickly, to space, quickly, to
family space, very quickly,
so that the kid can come up  this let's go for
something else
come on really really quick
10 minute debate yes yes yes he's going to
see us where the guy is don't raise your
hand anyone who isn't him don't raise your
hands the others the guy is the multi
gamer this one come on see
come on
negative
now asks to speak living
vengeful method pillar
quick please
come on please quick the guy from the
debate
don't raise your hand to anyone else
raise it the guy the debate please come on I
have to go quick
come on god
tells me I can't activate the mic
come on man
come on shoot stop with the stories
to those who have opened the space the turkey is
n't coming either he wo
n't let me seriously man the gentleman
made us open a space he
tells me no seriously you made me
open a space and now you're not going to go up
I'm freaking out god
and we've opened a space and here are already
50 mind there are 100 dude
get in the [ __ ] space I'm
not going to give you liquor here in a
live I want you my disk that enters
the [ __ ] space
seriously
normal call but you think that
employee phone man do you really want to
get in the  [ __ ] space
come on give me your phone
give me your phone
really
I'm falling who has what is there in 2022
come on that entails
whatever it is that I'm going to
give me the phone in dm
and I a few minutes I don't have to go and
I come on now this one is
not going up
this was
a minute I give you to open the
middle
santiago thank you very much this one is
not going up it is not going up now
when we see it like this you can see it
or rather people wasting time gave
that the [ __ ] phone god has opened me
now by dm to put me I can't go up
that I leave the phone by dm
that gives me that they don't tell me about life for
me that I put the phone that we
had hidden
now they send me messages asking for
messenger
now that facebook
go that one doesn't go up
30 seconds I give it to him pay me by phone I'm leaving
man
and he wants to stop talking in the chat and
talk to me from there
30 seconds the life of the family if I don't say
goodbye
for charles p
and I
and like that thank you very much
seriously
there is the number
where is the number day
where is the number
that  you put me the point number once you have
not put the number in private
and this kid is going to debate seriously I have
put the most posted private numbers
now now
bera bera tour debate
is to see until the debate
[Music] I have
done it happens it sounds good you
hear you perfect what's going on we were not
very nervous because ironing and bread from the
channel to see at night and such and he was
challenging and me when this goes to me I
failed rivers are plan or from the point he is
also challenging and I am here that it does not
go to the [ __ ] this one was saying
[ __ ] he is going to leave and I am not going to be able to
fix this realizing anything because you do
not agree with us
yeah well and although one thing is a little
scratched because I put number in the chat
several times and now as if
regretting it
[Music]
put five entities you have not seen it and
now investigating as a joke and chicken to
own texts of few floors and that one do not
[ __ ] with me or that is news now it is one
of the kingdom I [ __ ] on God is that you
thought it was an excuse and such and I
as the exit sheet
the exit did not come out
because it's
worthless it's over with this and let's get down to
business forgive me I hope that's it, of course I
wanted to upload what happens is that on
twitter it didn't let me speak in the group and if
an excuse is found and such if not,
nothing you clash with them well what I
think and this video because I like it is
basically located that as for a
club he is not going to ask for it and those like that well it
can be easier
than in other contexts for example but it
is not as easy
with you
whole thing
that it is not the same to flirt with a girl at the
university for example than in a
club at 3 in the morning which are
different contexts and in a
club context at dawn well it can
be easier arriving as if the
party red is more receptive well I don't
think he told any lies
[Music]
so the party does
not
tell what his friend is having a good time and he
likes it he has a good time taking those
girls
high without him being because they have
placed I understand that he refers to
drinks
well they take two girls high
taking
an indirect of he took her to bed
to Disneyland that time we  They gave
Paris as a gift
but what I think is that in general terms,
like what he means is that
because it's easier at night at
three o'clock in a club than in
other contexts, it's
easier to pick up
high chicks than if they weren't high,
what's wrong with him, like a wise man,
I came here like in the middle of that day, do you
think men and the chick is on the
floor, it's not bad, no, but
well, there's a high degree, I don't think he's
referring to, I mean, doesn't it seem shady to you
or anything, that a guy consciously goes out
to look for drunk women to pick up
because it's easier
to start with, no, not all the ones who already
have these drinks, but he has a
good time taking those
high chicks because it's easier, it
seems like,
like, understanding that they only
visit us,
but at no point has he said that on
the floor,
imagine a cemetery because I like the ones
there better, they move less,
like, well, but at no point has he
said that those of feeling,
but to see what I have left, a little bit of
the idea, no, the idea is, the idea is to pick up
girls with drunk girls and simply pick up
fabrics  because they are blank
the idea is the idea is
that the very serious subject of what you are
doing of video to see [ __ ] but
the people of the club to which go
I ask myself why the [ __ ] could you have a good time that
is
but people do not value the rosary be to
have a few drinks to chat with your
colleagues your friends the couple although what they
give to understand is that
the night is easier is
easier high it
seems that it is like that
then take advantage of that of the old man it
depends depends on how many drinks he has it
is that it is not specified either I do
not think that he is that sick of you or to
have is telling you well the drink
enough so that they see it as a
4 like a 7 instead of with a 4
s
a hug zeal
I hope you do well in jail
friend
well but
the son of 4 as if to say sees you as
the 24 sees you as a 7 as much
better such as it seems that that also happens
daily it
also happens that they pull out bags
and also many things happen
many letters happen but also
many things happen like pulling out bags there
are also people who are hit they are  he
attacks he is mistreated there are many
things that happen and that is not justifiable
the point is that it is what seems
normal to you do you think it is fine and normal that a
guy
goes out hunting fishing fishing with the intention of picking up drunk girls
I want
if it does not mean my life during
loss father and one the things 3 but if it
is a lot not completely
but you go with a breathalyzer like the
civil guard like in the thing every time you
think that a generic comment I
also knew people like that I knew
people who call me guacho at night it
is super easy to pick up I do not know what
person wants to say that he has it now
the fatal fatal
I go fast with the car well
now a different interpretation it is new
fast that is calm but respecting
the instinct fast 50-60 fast
supported one hundred end neither I no I did not
understand does it
seem shady to you that the guy has
couple glasses already cloudy and of degree
of alcoholism is an beastly but I am
not going to respect you those talk about god
because he has a normal logical or youtube
well that I see it a trick well a
nice trick not the one that if the girl does not  is
unconscious you take advantage
if I'm not conscious they would saturate normal
or less well yet there is no me I yes we already
enter into personal terms I
don't prefer the nightclub other areas
but I know people don't tell me the typical
rabbit people you would do it or you wouldn't
do it
you like women I ask what's it
worth
there you have the trick of exhausting the
shock and going to the clubs and taking
the drunk ones which is easier than if they weren't
drunk
I wouldn't do it well no I don't because it is and there is
nothing wrong with it
let's try them more for cost because that
context is not given to me as more
visits more cut than in other
environments I would
not do it for cut
but if I did not give you a cut from the area
or rather the cut pipes to the
clubs take advantage of
drunk women as you will see take advantage
and
but we are hardly talking about that you
do it intentionally in your case that you
have and you do it we
start from the basis that they have take
advantage of I see it wrong because that is not
because it is wrong
thank you well that they are within reach to
improve
straight lines but I mean
I would not consider it the term
take advantage of people leave  the wallet they take
advantage of
you imagine one thing
imagine that imagine that they leave the
cinema doors open and you go in and
see the movie for free going to the
open door would be stealing
in the movie if you don't go in it says I would be
stealing
but you would be taking advantage
then what you do when they are
literal in the definition of the word
take advantage from the verb is to
benefit from something when you know that
you have a benefit to make it easier for you
or have more facilities in something
you have
something that is going to benefit you by
confronting the other then if the
term is take advantage literally
take advantage but where all the guides
take advantage of drunk girls does not
stop
the breathalyzer test we are not
doing it the question is that the degree of
drunkenness sufficient for them to see you
as a 7 instead of a 4
could be many we are not
talking about the problem since there are people who
are not seeing people who may be
perfectly standing we are
talking about the sufficient level for them to
see you as a 7 when normally they would
see you as a 4 god
ok then you would go out at night
take advantage of  drunk women
I ask you
if it sounds like
if you want them to tell you again about
pretending it sounds like what it is the
question in which you would do it
for milk I would
save I say yes
literally I will be doing here in a
live youtube of tweets that I would go out
at night to benefit take advantage of
drunk women
a saying like that
to the question in which she answered
that nobody uses high anymore to say
a little about life
and now I ask a question house with a
roof the first one is you and a
second one how many people do this because well
surely it will cause many misfortunes
because there are many people who see it as
normal
but let's see one thing is that you that
you like a girl that knows her and
that during the night proof that
you do not drink your television watching her flyers
owing a drink and the circumstance arises
that they take Roger and take I don't know what but it
has not gone out with the intention of seeing what
drunk houses
but
we are talking about that she is not telling
the story
ask her this if you are a sexual secret and
when you are high and a
boy dressed as a woman appears who likes
men and who goes out to look for god
high since if they are  those high don't
see him as a boy and they see him as a girl
for the
lady class of the success of the robotic work in
overcoming it
well thanks from the super but
listen to me
thanks for the super char by the way I think it's
a lot it's not that I don't
know the currency but a lot they
tell me ask him this if you're
heterosexual and when you're high and
a guy dressed as a woman shows up
that he likes you
dressed up he's not talking to me about a person
who talks about a person dressed up
thanks to look honey who goes out to look for
guys high to charge value or rather the
point of this super Chavez asks me
not a trans person because a person
I wouldn't have for example any
problem sleeping with a person for
a trans girl the
girl's organs and I like to like
but
[Music]
a man who dresses up as a woman not
a trans person and not a man who
dresses up as a woman
to marry very drunk guys and
pass off that he's a woman and then there he
goes see
the fact it's almost the same but for a
sex change
pressuring him because suddenly in the
debate you
're
thinking
well let's see the question is very clear
to you if you don't  give court as you said I would
go out at night to look for
drunk girls take advantage of them that I
went out to flirt in general there
was no problem
no problem but we are talking about
aligarh as streaks for
society you
don't have to look for streaks
intentionally
but how many people are going to drink I'm
going to count myself at the door you go
look for a drunk
when you're at the club you
differentiate a drunk person from
a drunk if later you go look
for Richard you would do it
man look run until I go it's going to
fatal I would
n't do it
[Music]
according to you
to take advantage of drunks
an escort
if he has a drink would continue seeing me at
is already interpreting
[Music]
I'm saying what there is is the crash
days stoned but what I'm going to
eat 74 but what they have said
Castro fact inter canon like that but I interpret it
and loss of life one drink two drinks
is enough for you to see it as a
7.4 and
for that to see someone like me to
see someone like a 4 like sorry me
to see  someone like a 7 that would
normally be seen as a 4 that has a
few
we are mixing would take advantage drunk
okay okay and if he puts something there
[Music]
the comment about the crash can be
interpreted
this
week
with your language it
should be in languages ​​let's see
I have a friend and he's a [ __ ] crack a
[ __ ] pro saleh has a good time
taking high girls because it's
easier he's sucked he's fine
he speaks perfectly and also they see him
as a 7-4 normally they would see him as
a 4
how can that be interpreted as
if the word is high and each one
will put it in their own way because you've
gotten high for one thing on top of another
maybe
for me not for me
for you a person who takes a sip is high is
with place
was a person with a sip tv with a 7
and without it except I would see you with 4 if you can it can
happen why not well
then go down you're taking advantage of
some ways are high
the clariano
seems disgusting
a drink now since there are people that
the characters can get sick
like from a drink and  people who
sell themselves nothing happens to them
but those who get sick after a drink
are not as many as
the graph suggests and going into a
tour of the data I'm
telling you the fact of taking advantage of
a woman because she's drunk and you
do it consciously with the evil of
taking advantage of her seems repugnant
to me too but he has clarified that he was
drunk it must be qualified because we must not
qualify the gods the term
drunk was talking about suffering
we are not talking about a little drink
we are not talking about what is
enough for each woman in particular
for her to see a guy who would normally see her with
like a 4 like a 7 you
understand that no yes but we were trying maybe what
I never time streaks
the low it activates exaggerate a little
exaggerated then like machines more well
this basic gentlemen but at what moment do you
think he exaggerates
phrases
until now live and such
then I get figures they are looking for
the way of the lights assembled and they are
lazy I don't know what and that well he is
comparing you are comparing a cliché of
the region of Spain that you live with
taking advantage of drunk women
I am  sharing those relationships
[Music]
by gender no exaggeration
is telling you a literal fact and there is no
other way to tell it if I
were telling it we already have it literal
under your perspective
this afternoon I saw more like
instead of saying that
a girl told us to see you as a 7 when
normally she should with a 4 if you can
get by even without being
with a person they can't see because it's
dark there
are very crazy people out there and still can't get by
well then we can what we can
call taking advantage of a drunk you
said it that you are the one who takes
advantage I would take advantage of a drunk
[Music]
and
the same thing what you have to do is flirt
with all the law and flirt if the opportunity arises
when the opportunity arises and with whoever it
arises and without tricks like that disgusting not
so much 20 the way society is
[Music]
on the street society is terrible
many people say drunk also many
things reality to society there is movement
of movement
when I was going to say if they allow me to
drink at night but your live shows I
put the kitchen while dt I say that I
was box because the man I
think that  here we have a mentality
in which we are taught to
think one thing in the end I am 22 of
people already with a personality with the
non-optical mentality a way of
things we are not kids where you come from
here there are going to be people who well
complicated of what we are going to do to you I mean
not everyone thinks the same
surely there are people who think
worse things german to
me yes although not either and now talk a
lot in my personal life do you have a
brother
if your sister is with a few
gossips and by the club like
this you would like a
guy to come in chula co de huayhua pera and
take her
taking advantage of it
not bothering you it
depends a lot on the way of the entrance
with the intention of taking advantage to
criticize everything so much with the intention of
taking advantage tries to take advantage because
we are helping it is easy with her
I fall in love with
a guy that normally I would not flirt with
her a guy that your brother would
normally reject but that night she
falls because she is drunk
and
by the day it would always be valued
asking if you would like it and if I would allow it I mean
you are in front and you
are seeing how  the guy is
taking her and you know that your sister
normally wouldn't do it if she weren't
drunk she would also allow it
the alcohol situation
how disgusting that's how I say it that it's crucial really
really I mean I
think I
know that no one would allow it and I
at least wouldn't allow it I see a
guide or someone who
normally would
n't leave with a person writing
that they are going to take her and that she goes with
a person because she is with the subject
goodbye
that's how things are family that's how
things are the
new ones were generous like the
reactions they provoke juicy
piri piri podium would
you like to win a two thousand
euro scholarship to be a gamer is the first
influencer enter chips ahoy together and
participate
feeling
a foam
[Music]
danny slanders you or anything there shouldn't be
any problem he
tells me there are no more agreements worth
a boot
then
the lawyer writing here well with
this it has been days of the step room was
saying that he had to pay the lawyer
today yesterday at two in the morning
yesterday at 2 in the morning Friday
night Good Friday next to the morning I
had to pay the lawyer
well I should be happy happy  water
[Music]
also
from my uncle,
repulsive
22,
the truth is I consider myself a
natural person but what a
shame
or a door to give them that I don't see
debate
behaved well with Elisa okay send him a
huge and nothing guys we'll see each other
[Music]